what's up guys welcome back thank you
thank you thank you for joining me today
so it's Wednesday
you guys been asked me to keep doing
these vlogs so I'm gonna keep doing I
really enjoy the fact that you guys like
these because I enjoy doing them it's a
way for me to show my day even though
it's nothing spectacular but you already
know we're gonna start our day off going
to get some fresh yummy delicious CUFI
for those of you don't know and are new
to the channel don't forget if you like
the video slap a like on it subscribe
all that great fun stuff make sure you
leave some comments in the comment
section below on videos that you'd like
to see us do but we're starting this
vlog I like to say we're gonna go get
some coffee but I want to show you guys
cuz I didn't get the vlog last night
last night was Halloween I'm sure
everybody was out having a good time a
party all these crazy ghosts and goblins
and demons and clowns and whatever but
my kids my kids
we're spider-man but I do want to show
you guys what uh what they got look at
this alright so yes my kids legitimately
got granola bars I got this whole big ol
bucket full of candy that's that's a lot
of candy
speaking of which with all 100 what do
we got Reese's butterfingers I love
butterfingers if you guys uh you guys
want to I will gladly accept any kind of
chocolate in my peel box you wanna send
me some perishable stuff more granola
bars
KitKat's delicious these are here Tina's
favorite just FYI
but M&M Tina's worried about me showing
the room about it being a mess which I'm
not so hey guys they uh they racked up
on some candy and granola bars little
weird but whatever there's that crazy
headed a little monster what's up bud
alright so we're getting ready to go um
like 7:00 we lose some coffee and uh you
know day started we had to be quiet it's
early morning and we don't want the kids
to wake up and you're jamming in just
kidding Charlie in the morning and we
don't want the kids to wake up so I got
a dog eating my foot
[Applause]
are you trying to attack my sucks well
anyway yeah so I just gotta get my shoes
on trying to be quiet I want to wake the
kid though because if wait the kids are
all I'm gonna want to go with this and
this is some of the only time that my
beautiful wife and I could spin with
each other so if I can get this creature
to stop attacking my socks beautimous
it's like a little baby it's like a new
addition to the family
but uh yeah I put my shoes on and we're
gonna be heading out guys so I was
putting on my shoes and I was looking at
them and they still look pretty clean
pretty nice take good care of my shoes
but I was thinking hmm maybe I need
maybe I need a new pair shoes sure
you'll get a new pair shoes I'm a I'm a
shoe hoarder for a dude I have a lot of
pair of shoes I love shoes um you guys
let me in the comment section below let
me know should I go get into pair shoes
and if so what should I get
what kinds take it maybe we'll go to the
mall today I don't know yeah we'll see
but uh yeah new shoes might be in the
agenda today I don't know it's thinking
maybe Cinnabon Tina really really really
really love cinema and I might give her
the opportunity to get some coffee from
a unknown source because apparently
YouTube doesn't think my videos or my
vlogs are ad friendly so I don't know
what names I can say and what names I
can't say but it does start with an S
and it ends with X so that's probably
where we're gonna go get coffee or I'll
give her the option to go to Cinnabon no
I'm not sponsored so I feel like I got
though that in there I don't know why
it's stupid but hey we may go to the
mall we might get some new shoes you
some Cinnabon I don't know yet but we
will definitely keep you posted
girl what's up girl huh Harley Harley
Oh cash for being a bullet hole Oh Oh
chub so you guys look at the size
difference in him already he's already
almost as big as our basset hound
we've got him like three weeks ago he's
gonna be huge he's gonna be a big boy
it's gonna be a big boy yes
Oh she'll become jealous so he's getting
jealous
so here is the options honey but we can
either go to Starbucks not sponsored or
go to Cinnabon your favorite place and
have coffee at the house which one do
you want no she was gonna say that you
guys get to see them all now no people
there I don't it's gonna happen
see you when we get there it's not even
oh oh no music no music oh god turn
about there we go very easy
you should have safety first safety hey
so um how was your Halloween dear you
have a great day oh man that I work okay
see cause kids never got it again so
apparently YouTube like I said doesn't
think that our vlogs are as friendly or
family-friendly or whatever so that it's
uh I put it under for review but you
gotta have a thousand views per video or
at least a thousand views on a video
before they'll review it so I'm not good
enough I guess
but um everything in the previous video
obviously was not sponsored so need to
throw that out there anything that you
see here in this video is not sponsored
but um I have no idea what was wrong
with the video why they would think that
it was not ad friendly maybe me showing
the milk or
some of the food product I mean I don't
I don't know but I didn't think that I
needed to tell everyone for every item I
picked up not sponsored not sponsored
not sponsored I think that kind of makes
a stupid video so you guys liked it so I
don't care that's all that matters yeah
so much but um yeah so we're heading to
the mall right now we're gonna get some
Cinnabon it's delicious if you haven't
ever had Cinnabon I highly recommend it
again and not sponsored YouTube but we
got a little bit of a drive so we shall
see you guys when we get there all right
guys so we're back at the mall I'm sorry
we just got here to the mall and I can't
really do a whole lot of filming inside
because there's a lot of stores if I
film I got to keep stores and businesses
out of the vlog but we're gonna go in
here we're gonna do the Cinnabon and I'm
gonna show you what we get and I don't
know if we're gonna stay in here very
long but Tina wants coffee
she likes coffee non Starbucks again not
sponsored the theme of this video is not
sponsored but again we're not sponsored
by Cinnabon but that's what we're going
to get so I will try to eat you guys as
much footage as I can let's go so
anybody who's wanting to start YouTube
and wanting to do anything like this you
got to get over your fear because people
are gonna look at you while you're
recording and they're gonna what the
hell is this person doing but you know
you just you gotta do it you gotta get
used to it I don't know when I first did
it like I was constant looking around
like now I'm just like whatever look at
me
I'm doing it for the peeps for you peeps
but yeah we're about to walk in the mall
guys so as soon as we get the Cinnabon
I'll show you what we get these things
are freaking delicious again not
sponsored YouTube but um so yeah you'll
just see you'll see in a sec you'll see
you'll see
[Music]
not sponsored YouTube Cinnabon so good
so good so good
Oh video
don't be famous I'll see you on YouTube
that's exactly where it's going
just YouTube I'm just I'm just getting
I'm just getting her making it
I'm not putting anybody's face in it
there they go the delicious Cinnabon
just so good at everybody if you haven't
had one I highly recommend it begin
YouTube not sponsored you guys have a
good day thank you alright so so we go
we got what we came for
it's my ulti man look at that pretty
face - he that's going in the video so
now everybody's gonna know what you're
thinking okay so we got our Cinnabons
okay what to say about them we're really
pressed for time and we're gonna go home
and get some coffee and just have a
normal boring day it's gonna be awful
but anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway
anyway great yeah ready you guys ready
are you ready thank you guys for being
in my Halloween stream by the way I know
you guys could have been doing other
things but you decided to watch me so I
appreciate it hey grand salami I'm
looking at your video yesterday that
thumbnail of that creepy clown gooey
looking face sounds actually pretty good
buddy it's guillotine as she said she
bought peed her pants I was by myself
and I sent out she's on so I went to go
watch him and I had to turn it up so
there you go also guys go check out
grand salami dude is being killing it
and he has been helping me out a lot
putting my name out there Showtime
shares my videos Alex all you guys I
appreciate all the love all the support
that you guys have been giving me and
yeah guys I just had to throw that in
there alright guys so we're gonna start
heading home we came got what we needed
to get and we're going to get home and
stuff our fat faces oh I love it
[Music]
shit Tina get this outfit look at that
man outside can't feel them too much
into the mall because I don't know who
or what is allowed to film in there so
just just film what I can't get you guys
whatever I can't sorry guys I mean I
don't know how exciting this this blogs
gonna be I mean we're really not doing
anything special just spend the time
together hanging out in some Cinnabon
not sponsored she's getting over her
embarrassment whether she likes it
she's getting over it she's getting over
in the car we are about to head home eat
this Cinnabon not sponsored and make
some coffee Tina makes a really good
coffee
just a plain coffee I'm just I'm just
spicing it up a little bit you know but
good god it's 62 degrees outside but
this Sun sucks bro the window down I
wish I could play music for you guys but
uh they help you copyright strike I
can't even go and tie my shoes without
them saying hey your channel is not
friendly for anybody because apparently
I live this exciting unfriendly life but
whatever we are driving home don't want
to hit anybody so catch you guys on the
flip side so after twisting Tina's arm
really really hard behind her back
to force her to get coffee we decided
that we were gonna get Starbucks but um
we are gonna get some coffee and I want
to talk to you guys a little bit so I
know I've said not sponsored about 37
million times in this video and the
reason for it is is I don't know what
they consider acceptable or not
acceptable I don't know if you guys know
a youtuber he goes by la la beast I put
a link in the description and I'll
notify him let him know that I put it in
there but he's got to eat a movement
going for the ridiculousness of again
not sponsor because I know that's the
name of a show fair like I throw that in
there but the ridiculousness of YouTube
in how they are
just pretty much pooping on every
youtuber you know a lot of people's jobs
this is their job this is what they do
and the ad revenue that they're bringing
in now is almost non-existent because
YouTube just deems everything
inappropriate or unkicked friendly or I
don't know whatever they're doing but he
his channel is pretty it's pretty funny
he does a lot of challenge videos you
know ghostpepper challenges food
challenges could just crazy crazy
challenges I really like his content I'm
subscribed to him so like I said I'll
leave a link in description of his
channel if you don't know who he is go
ahead and check him out dude it's really
funny but he does uh he's been doing
some live streams talking about the the
ad revenue and Adsense and everything of
YouTube so I figure I'll support him a
little bit because I agree with him 100%
even though YouTube's not my full-time
job but you're gonna hear me say not
sponsored probably 100 more time before
we in this video but like I said we are
here we are gonna get some Starbucks
coffee and um yeah yeah yeah yeah but I
will I'll see you guys in a few minutes
one more things guys I just want to jump
up and down and say support you boy help
your boy out and crazy in public so
everybody can look at me real crazy and
get Tina in it because I want her to be
embarrassed but I guys I want you guys
to know how how difficult it is to film
in public it really is I get people
looking at me all the time like I'm
stupid and crazy I got people looking at
me right now but it's cool all I'm doing
is filming I'll do it for you guys
because I love you guys love you too
support but get over your fears guys you
know do what you want to do live your
dream live life to the fullest you only
get one life and do what you do guys do
what you do do what makes you happy do
what makes you feel good and don't let
anybody bring you down don't let anybody
bring you down oh yeah look at the
lighting lighting is terrible
thank you but yeah we're inside right
now we're gonna do some Starbucks and uh
yeah there we go let's see we get
caramel macchiato pumpkin spice latte
well we already know Tina wants pumpkin
spice latte Lighting's terrible whoa
I can't show anybody's face cuz that
haven't had permission so but you can
hear her laughing see at least she's
laughing yeah there you go he's laughing
- got him got him up customers laughing
- what's she smiling she didn't laugh
she smiled delicioso
coffee yeah so we're gonna go home now
we're gonna head home we're gonna have
our Cinnabon we're gonna have our
Starbucks coffee Tina's gonna burn her
mouth drinking coffee because she was
excited to get her whether she admits it
or not so I mean that's pretty much
gonna be our day the only thing that
we're gonna do is we're gonna go home
we're gonna enjoy our food get ready for
work might play some video games who
knows I might string for a little bit
beforehand I've been kind of slacking as
you guys know about my computer's been
acting up in acting really goofy some
days it works some days it doesn't I
found that if I just start the computer
up and start streaming then I can stream
for a good hour and a half before it
starts giving me problems then the
computer starts heating up and starts
acting like a doodoo head but I don't
know well we'll go home I'll get you
some footage of us home maybe chomping
down on Cinnabon and just kind of go
from there
we may or may not end it there I don't
know I think we got a pretty okay amount
of footage for what we've done but I
mean this is our life guys this is what
we do right now until we hit the lottery
or make it big the only time you're
gonna get to see real fun exciting stuff
it's probably after the holidays which
I'm excited about I can't wait for
Thanksgiving and Christmas and things
like that because I'm definitely gonna
be blogging next stuff you know see the
reaction of the kids and Tina cooking
Thanksgiving a hoe my god so I'm gonna
go ahead and tell you guys this real
quick getting off a subject here but
yeah I am kind of rambling right now but
I'm gonna tell you about Thanksgiving
let me take out the Thanksgiving goes in
my house we wake up in the morning and
we're lucky if we get a cracker for
breakfast because Tina cooks all of this
food and she makes us wait all day so by
the time that we eat we eat like we
haven't eaten in six months but it's
totally worth it guys it is so good
homemade pumpkin pie cheesecake honey
baked ham Turk um sweet potato souffle
or casserole whatever she calls it rolls
corn green beans like it just everything
homemade gravy
I'm excited can you tell this is what
it's like when I get excited about
something like food food I just love
food but all right guys we're gonna
drive now so I will see you when we get
back to the house so tell you to film
too much in here I am going to show you
what we got from Cinnabon you already
seen it oh good oh my god but I got the
original Tina got the extravagant one a
fancy one if I can open the stupid thing
oh look at that
that is a pecan caramel swirl delicious
Cinnabon and that is a this one is the
original it's so good guys
cinema is really good but um so
basically that's that's it that's that's
pretty much all we're gonna do today
Tina and I are gonna go to work later on
hanging out here at the house there's
nothing really really special left to do
I like to say I'll probably hop on
stream I'll leave all the links in the
description for those that I've
mentioned go check them out
support them especially LA beast he's
got this this whole YouTube movement
thing going on right now with the
ridiculousness and all the
ridiculousness that's going on with
YouTube right now my boy grant salami
he's actually live right now I'm gonna
probably sit down and watch some of him
talk to him a little bit maybe do a
collab on stream
I don't know yet we'll figure it out
leave it a link to his channel as well
anything that you guys want to see if
you guys still love these blogs make
sure that you smash that like button
subscribe if you haven't if you do and
leave comments guys the comments are
what drive me to do these videos leave
comments let me know what you guys want
to see what you want to see me do what
you want to see my family do what you
want to see in general you gotta leave
those comments if you don't leave those
comments I don't know what to do I can
only make stuff up off of my head or out
of my head sorry yeah guys I think we're
gonna end it there thank you for joining
my family today as always be able to be
good
you safe and I will catch you later
please